feat(lambda): layer version removal policy (#12792)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda/README.md

## Layers

> The `lambda.LayerVersion` class can be used to define Lambda layer versions and manage

Reviewer: Revert this change and add a statement at the end of this section about configuring removal policies.

Author: I added better documentation to the README. Let me know if it's too much detail

[Example of Lambda Layer usage](test/integ.layer-version.lit.ts)

> ### Layer Versioning and Removal Policies
> 
> By default, updating a layer creates a new version and deletes the current version managed by the stack. Alternatively, a removal policy can be used to retain the current version:

Reviewer: Something like this and I don't think you need a separate section for this - 

```suggestion
By default, updating a layer creates a new layer version, and CloudFormation will delete the old version as part of the stack update.
Alternatively, a removal policy can be used to retain the current version:
```

Author: that sounds much clearer, thanks
